In this lecture, we are going to demo how you can integrate a junkie job with GitHub repository.
We are going to do this in two parts.
In the first part, we are going to manually submit the Jenkins job that is connected to your GitHub
repository.
And in the second part, we are going to automate that where anything changes in your GitHub repository.
Your Jenkins job will be automatically submitted using Webhook for this demo.
We are going to use a very simple cloud formation, which is creating a S3 bucket and then printing
that name of the bucket as the output for the first part.
Jenkins file is pretty straightforward.
It is just running a shell command and the command is capped and the name of the cloud formation file.
So basically we are going to print out what's inside the cloud formation YAML file.
And in the part two, we are actually going to run the confirmation.
All right.
From our Jenkins Dashboard Click New item and then give the name of the job.
I'm going to give the name run CFD zero one select pipeline jobs, click.
Okay.
And under pipeline, you have to select pipeline script from scheme and the scheme will be git and you
have to give the repository URL.
So go back to your repository, click code, copy the DPS link, go back to the Jenkins job, pass the
link here.
So a couple of things to keep in mind.
If this repository is public, you do not need to give any credentials.
But if your repository is private, which this case it is, you will see this error.
And then you have to select the GitHub credentials and the error will go away.
The branch specified specifies which branch should this job look at for the Jenkins file and the other
files.
All new GitHub repository creates the main branch as man instead of master.
So you have to rename this and in the other lectures you will see you can use other branch names and
you have to change the names accordingly.
Here the script path by default.
The name of the file is Jenkins file.
We'll keep it as is because we are using the same name for our Jenkins file.
All right, click Save.
So I'm going to manually build this.
So all this job is going to do is display the cloud formation.
YAML.
Click build now.
Click the job name click console output.
It shows the Cat Command that the Jenkins file is running and it displays the content of our cloud formation
from our GitHub.
Now let's automate this using Webhook.